{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green41\blue41;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;
\red39\green91\blue211;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21176\c21176\c21176;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c29020\c29020\c29020;
\cssrgb\c19608\c45098\c86275;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Ankit Sharma built the hippy helper app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Ankit Sharma at no cost and is intended for use as is.\cb1 \
\cb3 This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\cb3 The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at hippy helper unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Information Collection and Use
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.\cb1 \
\cb3 The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.\cb1 \
\cb3 Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri580\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Google Play Services}}\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Log Data
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (\'93IP\'94) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Cookies
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.\cb1 \
\cb3 This Service does not use these \'93cookies\'94 explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use \'93cookies\'94 to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Service Providers
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To facilitate our Service;\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To provide the Service on our behalf;\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To perform Service-related services; or\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Security
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Links to Other Sites
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Children\'92s Privacy
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Changes to This Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.\cb1 \
\cb3 This policy is effective as of 2020-08-17\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Contact Us
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at shrmchiku7991@gmail.com.\cb1 \
\cb3 This privacy policy page was created at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://privacypolicytemplate.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 privacypolicytemplate.net}} and modified/generated by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 App Privacy Policy Generator}}\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Terms & Conditions
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you \'96 you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You\'92re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You\'92re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn\'92t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Ankit Sharma.\cb1 \
\cb3 Ankit Sharma is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you\'92re paying for.\cb1 \
\cb3 The hippy helper app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It\'92s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone\'92s security features and it could mean that the hippy helper app won\'92t work properly or at all.\cb1 \
\cb3 The app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.\cb1 \
\cb3 Link to Terms and Conditions of third party service providers used by the app\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri580\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.google.com/terms"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Google Play Services}}\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 You should be aware that there are certain things that Ankit Sharma will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Ankit Sharma cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don\'92t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don\'92t have any of your data allowance left.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 If you\'92re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you\'92re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you\'92re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.\cb1 \
\cb3 Along the same lines, Ankit Sharma cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged \'96 if it runs out of battery and you can\'92t turn it on to avail the Service, Ankit Sharma cannot accept responsibility.\cb1 \
\cb3 With respect to Ankit Sharma\'92s responsibility for your use of the app, when you\'92re using the app, it\'92s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Ankit Sharma accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.\cb1 \
\cb3 At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android \'96 the requirements for system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you\'92ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Ankit Sharma does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Changes to This Terms and Conditions
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.\cb1 \
\cb3 These terms and conditions are effective as of 2020-08-17\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Contact Us
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at shrmchiku7991@gmail.com.\cb1 \
\cb3 This Terms and Conditions page was generated by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 App Privacy Policy Generator}}}